Merchant's Pearl/Peril

Black Borough															Red Cape

The Black Borough deals with the imports from many of the ports.								The Redcape is an area of the city with reasonable guards, that uphold the law and
The guard are in the palm of the Merthil Family, either owned or								are respectful to those in trouble. Often times people will escape from the Amber
bribed the guards are corrupt and spend most of their time 									Markets to the Red Cape for a lesser punishment for their crimes. The province is 
protecting the family's property and patrons.											quiet but for political posters and red banners.

	Inns					Ale	Wine	Bed	Food							Inns				Ale	Wine	Spirits		Bed	Food
		Anker's Rest	(M)		3sp	3sp	4sp	1sp								Marisha's Coze		5sp	5sp	3sp		1gp	2sp
		Crow's Opinion	(M)		3sp	3sp	5sp	1sp								Snuggle Bug's		6sp	4sp	3sp		1gp	2sp
		Leonard's			4sp	4sp	5sp	1sp		(Cleric in basement)			Shops
		Sickly Child			3sp	3sp	4sp	1sp								Jerry's Jeneral Junk	
		Medusa's (new)			3sp	2sp	3sp	2sp								Potter's Potions
																	Magical Inquisitor
	Pleasure Houses			(M)	Night	Info										City Forge
		Thatcher's Whores	(M)	6sp	3sp										Blacksmith #2
		The Palace of Pleasure	(M)	7sp	3sp									Politics
		Frenko's			1gp	5sp		(Gambling)							Darius is the political leader of the cape. He rules bevenenantly but he
		Thussle's Tickle	(M)	7sp	3sp										spends most of his time dealing with the Amber Markets and fending off would-
		Maiden's Arse			1gp	1gp										be usurpers. Lyndsay Merthil is gunning for the position of leader and doing
		Buckled Bottom		(M)	7sp	3sp										much to excersize his power.
		Thatcher's Moore	(M)	8sp	3sp
		Cock Goblins Inc.	(M)	7sp	3sp
	Shops
		Merthil's Wears		(M)
		Dylan's
		General Store		(M)
	Merthil Family
		The family own much of the Black Borough. They trade in fish, paper, and sugar on the surface. 
		Behind the doors of their many establishments the have countless sources of income, from 
		illegal weapon trading to drug and human trafficing. They have cemented their power by owning 
		the mercanaries that run the guards in the province.

		Grandfather 		Godfrey
		Grandmother		Rose
		Leader			Leonitus 
		Wife			Suzera
		Brother 		Hellop
		Sister 			Helen
		Son I			Lyndsay
		Son II			Garen
		Daughter		Cassandra
		
Amber Market

Golden Crest